DEVX-2258 Check Prose for Offensive, Ableist and Gendered Language (#3405)
Nexmo/nexmo-developer: _documentation/en/tools/prism.md

# Prism

> Working with APIs is great but sometimes you don't need to work with the real API to get development work done. One tool that you may find useful to include in your development workflow is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism/) from [Stoplight](https://stoplight.io/). Prism is a mock server, it imitates our live APIs in a streamlined tool that you can run locally and test your API calls and whole applications against.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working with APIs is great but sometimes you don't need to work with the real API to get development work done. One tool that you may find useful to include in your development workflow is [Prism](https://stoplight.io/open-source/prism/) from [Stoplight](https://stoplight.io/). Prism is a mock server that imitates our live APIs. You can run it locally to test your API calls during development, without incurring any usage costs.
```

### Request a Specific Response

> Our APIs can return error responses in some situations, and it can be difficult (or plainly annoying) to recreate those error situations on the live platform. Using Prism gives an opportunity to test applications against all the possible responses.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our APIs can return error responses in some situations, and it can be difficult to recreate those error situations on the live platform. Using Prism gives an opportunity to test applications against all the possible responses.
```

> Our APIs can return error responses in some situations, and it can be difficult (or plainly annoying) to recreate those error situations on the live platform. Using Prism gives an opportunity to test applications against all the possible responses.

Reviewer 3: "it can be difficult (or plainly annoying) to recreate those error situations" -> "it can be difficult to recreate those error situations"

> Our APIs can return error responses in some situations, and it can be difficult (or plainly annoying) to recreate those error situations on the live platform. Using Prism gives an opportunity to test applications against all the possible responses.

Author: ```suggestion
Our APIs can return error responses in some situations, and it can be difficult to recreate those error situations on the live platform. Using Prism gives an opportunity to test applications against all the possible responses.
```
